Analysis of the Program
We must identify the threshold voltage for the semiconductor device, from its I-V characteristics, where know that  V_th   is the intersection point of the lines which the two branches of the line can be approximated to.
In our program, we choose to iterate  V_th   from about 0 to 6, where it may lie. For each value of  V_th   we calculate the best possible pair of lines by first calculating the best possible  m_1   independently and then calculating the best  m_2   using the y-coordinate generated by m_1 for  V_th   as follows:
Error for  m_1=(y-m_1 x)   as first line is known to pass through the origin  (c=0).
∑ Error2 from  0  to  V_th   will thus be
∑(y-m_1 x)^2=∑(y^2+m_1^2 x^2-2m_1 xy)=〖∑(y〗^2)+m_1^2∑(x^2)-2m_1∑(xy)
Best  m_1   gives us minimum error, so we take derivative of this w.r.t.  m_1  and equate to 0.
d(Error)/(dm_1 )=0+〖2m〗_1∑(x^2 )-2∑(xy)=0
m_1=(∑(xy))/(∑(x^2 ) )
Where summation is from  x=0  to  x=V_th
Let the current value (y-coordinate) corresponding to  V_th  be  I_th. Then,
I_th=m_1 V_th
Now we must find best  m_2   for  V_th   onwards will be found by the same method if we shift our origin to the point  (V_th,I_th ),  so we follow the same above procedure with a minor modification:
d(Error)/(dm_2 )=0+〖2m〗_1∑((x-V_th )^2 )-2∑((x-V_th )(y-I_th ))=0
m_2=(∑((x-V_th )(y-I_th )))/(∑((x-V_th )^2 ) )
Where the summation is from  x=V_th   to  x=15
As we have both the straight lines, it is now trivial to calculate the mean square error for our pair of straight lines with loops, and store the guesses in an array.
We then use binary search algorithm to find the index of the minimum value of the error, and that pair of straight lines and  V_th   is our answer for that dataset.
We do this for all 11  V_g   given to us.
In the following pages, you can find the 11 Current vs  V_d   graphs corresponding to each  V_g,  with our pair of line estimations, along with the  V_th   vs  V_g   graph at the end.
            
We see that the value of  V_th   is constant for all  V_g,  which is expected as all the 11 Current vs  V_g graphs only differ by some factor along the  y-axis, i.e. they seem to be merely stretched vertically. As  V_th  is the  x-coordinate of the intersection point, it will remain unchanged after any purely vertical stretching of the graph.
This is in accordance with the physical significance of  V_th   for semiconductor devices.
